Moodle Direct V2 Troubleshooting
--------------------------------

1) You may need to ensure that within your designated moodledata directory; the turnitintooltwo subdirectory and the subsequent logs subdirectory have the correct permissions to be able to create directories and files.

2) You may need to ensure that the turnitintooltwo directory within your designated data directory and it's logs subdirectory have the correct permissions to be able to create directories and files.

3) Pop-ups will need to be enabled on the browser being used if access to the Turnitin Document Viewer is required.

cURL
----

1) In order for the module to work correctly you must enable support for cURL in your php.ini file. To do this locate the following line in your php.ini file:

	;extension=php_curl.dll
	OR
	;extension=php_curl.so

	Remove the semi-colon at the start of the line to activate the php cURL extension. Once you have done this you will need to restart your web server service.

	More information on cURL and more detailed instructions for installing it can be found here: http://uk3.php.net/curl

2) If you encounter connectivity issues (error: Turnitin API Base URL incorrect or unavailable) this could be related to a CA certificate being unavailable to cURL.

If cURL has an out of date (or no) CA certificates, the interaction with Turnitin will fail due to cURL performing peer SSL certificate verification and not being able to verify the Turnitin SSL certificate.
Until cURL 7.18.0 some CA certificates were provided, but after 7.18.0 no cs certificates have been provided at all. Because of this, the Moodle server administrator would need to ensure that an up to date CA certificate bundle is used. To be clear, Moodle doesn't need an SSL certificate, however, it needs to have the certificate bundle in place so cURL can recognize the SSL certificates of Turnitin.

Information on how to install a certificate bundle is available via the URLs below. Note that the URLs are third party sites and not affiliated with Turnitin or iParadigms in any way:

Information for Linux environments: http://docs.moodle.org/26/en/SSL_certificate_for_moodle.org

Information for Windows environments: http://curl.haxx.se/docs/sslcerts.html